Suggest the Jetbrains Marketplace for IntelliJ (#15628)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/ide_integrations/idea/_index.md

{{< img src="/developers/ide_integrations/idea/datadog-plugin1.png" alt="The Datadog plugin" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Alternatively you can install the plugin from the [Jetbrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/19495-datadog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can install the plugin from the [Jetbrains Marketplace][6].
```

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-for-intellij/discussions
[3]: /getting_started/profiler/
[4]: https://www.datadoghq.com/

> [5]: /account_management/api-app-keys/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[5]: /account_management/api-app-keys/
[6]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/19495-datadog
```
